# What I've done today

## 2016-01-25

Fill in reimbursement forms. Make scanner work again. Learn some things about LibreOffice Calc.

Learn more about the make system of android projects + basic configuration. Run my first `sdk/samples` projects.

## 2016-01-26

Learn the basics of NDK, get samples working + minimal app.

Unlock my bootloader. Later found that cell phone gets wiped in the process.

## 2016-01-27

Failed attempt to boot phone into recovery mode.

Learn to fetch patches from gerrit and fetch Damien's patches.

Research the background of some contributors I haven't met from the newly available GitHub data: <https://github.com/savoirfairelinux/ring-daemon/graphs/contributors>

Start looking at the patches.

Try to build Damien's patch, but it fails at first. Contact him to ask if it could build / run at the time he pushed.

Reset a 2012 Android 4.0.4 for imminent tests.

Organize for FOSDEM: choose train ticket times, research how to get there, when it starts and ends, interesting talks.

Get a minimal SWIG python example working (python because it looked like the most well documented language)

## 2016-01-27

Get a minimal SWIG python + Java example working from a single C source code at: <https://github.com/cirosantilli/cpp-cheat/tree/b4e20e96e5a9b30dc92086d3a5cabb3dc5fc3203/swig>

More failed attempts at Damien's patch.

Start reading Damien's patch, make a list of all external Android APIs I'll need to learn.

Start the toplevel git repository which contains all our repositories inside it + a script that compiles things in one go: <https://github.com/cirosantilli/ring>

## 2016-01-29

Top-level project: add android install script.

## 2016-02-01

Learn `adb logcat` to debug android apps.

First steps in Android layout basics. Tried to make an XML with Ant but failed. Understood that View is the basis of all.

Replied to responses generated by the FOSDEM on Reddit and created a few issues to cover the remarks there.

## 2016-02-02

Learn more basic Android UI: layouts, buttons, all programmatically.

Invoices from FOSDEM.

## 2016-02-03

Basic Android: embed images, video.

Learn how open source Android is (very little), the importance of F-Droid as a Google Play alternative.

## 2016-02-08

## 2016-02-09

Learn more Android basics <https://github.com/cirosantilli/android-cheat>

## 2016-02-10

Start reading Damien's patch more closely.

My install script stopped working properly: get problems when calling.

## 2016-02-11

Maison Canada

Improved: <https://tuleap.ring.cx/wiki/index.php?pagename=Reporting%20Bugs%20and%20Wishes&group_id=101>

## 2016-02-12

Finally get ring GNOME back working: had to turn off TURN: <https://tuleap.ring.cx/plugins/tracker/?aid=375>

Learn more Android basics <https://github.com/cirosantilli/android-cheat>

## 2016-02-15

Learn more about the surface painting part.

## 2016-02-16

Set Ring to auto-answer at the Paris office.

Learn more about the surface painting part: <https://github.com/cirosantilli/ring-client-android/tree/white-image>

## 2016-02-19 saturday

## 2016-02-21 sunday

Print out FPS. Lean about color representation basics.

## 2016-02-22 monday

Happy with FPS.

Read all material that exists on the net about Android video hardware. Decide to go for MediaCodec.

Two options:

- just use it directly via NDK
- wrap with FFmpeg

## 2016-02-23 tuesday

Read decoding_encoding.c FFmpeg example.

## 2016-02-26 friday

Get Adrien's updated Android.

Try to include `AMediaCodec`.
